---
title: "Webhook Quick Start"
description: "Quick Start Guide for Flashduty Webhook."
date: "2024-11-20T10:00:00+08:00"
url: "https://developer-en.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/webhook/quickstart"
---

FlashDuty supports pushing real-time incident and alert changes to third-party systems, such as ticket platforms or incident auto-healing systems, enabling information synchronization and accelerating incident resolution.

### Webhook Types

1. [Incident Webhook](https://developer-en.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/webhook/incident-webhook): Push notifications when incident changes occur
2. [Alert Webhook](https://developer-en.flashcat.cloud/en/flashduty/webhook/alert-webhook): Push notifications when alert changes occur

### Webhook Subscription

You can add Webhook instances by going to the `Console - Integration Center - Webhook` page.

#### Push Method

Currently, only **HTTP/HTTPS** protocol with **POST** method is supported, and the request payload must be in **JSON** format.

For example, if your service URL is `https://example.com/webhook?a=a`, the actual push request would be:

```js
curl -X POST 'https://example.com/webhook?a=a' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{payload}'
```

#### Headers

We support pushing with custom-defined Headers. Note that Headers must be unique within a Webhook.

#### Event Scope

You can specify to subscribe to events from a specific channel, and filter event types. Note that incident and alert event types are different, please refer to the corresponding documentation for details.

### Common Questions

1. **Is there a response timeout for the service?**

   - The service must respond within 1 second, otherwise it will be considered as a failed response.

2. **Will pushes continue after a failed push?**

   - Currently, FlashDuty pushes at most once. A retry mechanism may be introduced in the future, and retries may also occur due to middleware timeouts. You need to handle idempotency properly.

3. **How is push order guaranteed?**

   - In theory, events for the same alert are pushed in chronological order, but retries and other situations may cause out-of-order delivery;
   - The service can filter based on event_time. If a later event has been received, earlier events can be filtered out. Each push carries the latest and complete information, occasional event loss is tolerable.

4. **Trusted IP whitelist for push sources?**
   - 47.94.95.118, 123.56.8.183, 47.94.193.81, 1.13.19.96;
   - May be updated in the future, please check periodically. 